nuclear fallout over the Pacific
continues the federal government has
declared Los Angeles uninhabitable the
base is four square miles while under
NATO command to be sure lieutenant we're
highly classified
you are gonna be the first man on Titan
it's just an honor to have been selected
sir not gonna let you down our resources
have been depleted in ten years half the
world's population will starve today
after planet will be uninhabitable but
there is one place gives us hope the
largest moon of Saturn
what if Titan could become our home you
will become enhanced humans most of you
will fail
some people were broke during the
training your docking forced evolution
I'm talking survival of the species I've
studied you work I know what we're doing
here
it's bigger than all of us this is a lot
of same some of us will get to take me
for a while
I never thought I'd see something like
this he's changing
this is it's based research it's
criminal
I believe violet I want to finish I can
see everything
there is something alive inside of him
he's a soldier there's no going back
I mean I thought I wouldn't go this far
how can possibly what he is becoming
if we can't controlling
all of us are dead
[Music]